okay here we have the Cadillac of all
noodle soups in Malaysia the Penang
Assam laksa now I've been scouring
Malaysia for a good luck sir and many
people have told me you don't go
anywhere for good at some laksa except
for penang so here we are in Penang
we've got an authentic Assam laksa and
what a sum means is tamarin and my
assumption is that you know with Ozma
vault hammer and things it's going to be
a sour soup base it comes with I believe
this is some sort of hoisin sauce
no it's a very strong trip songs so
we'll just put that down perhaps habit
with the laksa later but here we go this
has been a long time coming I've been
waiting for this ooh as you can see oh
now you should notice this right here
now that soup is not it's not a broad
it's more so of a gravy as you can see
it's not as watery as other noodle soup
would be and so you know 11 might be
kind of surprised at the the consistency
of it also udon or rice noodles of sorts
and yeah that's I should stop talking
and start eating huh
give that a whirl here
give me a little bit of my
oh yes
yes I see why it is the Cadillac of
Moodle suits here see it almost tastes
like it's been it's it's a crabby yet
tangy and spicy soup at the same time
but the spice that kind of stays on your
tongue but it's not overbearing but I
can imagine if you were eating more of
it you would kind of be reaching for the
milk then all all the flavors just kind
of play nice with each other and as you
can see oh it's fish as well in there
it's red onion and everything just seems
to just work together so well
Oh
and the addition of basil leaves and
mint really give it a nice refreshing
aftertaste because after you've eaten it
and it's a bit spicy you kind of get a
nice little cooldown via the mint leaf
that's a nice touch and it just seems
like everything has been blended
together in a perfect storm of hub of
noodle soup dishes
there you have it Penang got some black
stuff